1~Glasses are really versatile. First, you can have glasses-wearing girls take them off and suddenly become beautiful, or have girls wearing glasses flashing those cute grins, or have girls stealing the protagonist\'s glasses and putting them on like, "Haha, got your glasses!\' That\'s just way too cute! Also, boys with glasses! I really like when their glasses have that suspicious looking gleam, and it\'s amazing how it can look really cool or just be a joke. I really like how it can fulfill all those abstract needs. Being able to switch up the styles and colors of glasses based on your mood is a lot of fun too! It\'s actually so much fun! You have those half rim glasses, or the thick frame glasses, everything! It\'s like you\'re enjoying all these kinds of glasses at a buffet. I really want Luna to try some on or Marine to try some on to replace her eyepatch. We really need glasses to become a thing in hololive and start selling them for HoloComi. Don\'t. You. Think. We. Really. Need. To. Officially. Give. Everyone. Glasses?
2~https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IM2CpjvPrQ
3~Hey guys, did you know that in terms of male human and female Pokémon breeding, Vaporeon is the most compatible Pokémon for humans? Not only are they in the field egg group, which is mostly comprised of mammals, Vaporeon are an average of 3”03’ tall and 63.9 pounds, this means they’re large enough to be able handle human dicks, and with their impressive Base Stats for HP and access to Acid Armor, you can be rough with one. Due to their mostly water based biology, there’s no doubt in my mind that an aroused Vaporeon would be incredibly wet, so wet that you could easily have sex with one for hours without getting sore. They can also learn the moves Attract, Baby-Doll Eyes, Captivate, Charm, and Tail Whip, along with not having fur to hide nipples, so it’d be incredibly easy for one to get you in the mood. With their abilities Water Absorb and Hydration, they can easily recover from fatigue with enough water. No other Pokémon comes close to this level of compatibility. Also, fun fact, if you pull out enough, you can make your Vaporeon turn white. Vaporeon is literally built for human dick. Ungodly defense stat+high HP pool+Acid Armor means it can take cock all day, all shapes and sizes and still come for more
4~Niegil! Niegil! Niegil! Niegileeeeeaawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!!! Ahhhhh… aa… a, aahhh! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!! Niegil Niegil Niegileeeuuuuuuwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!! Ah lurk-lurk! lurk-lurk! repost-repost! repost-repost! Good post… lurk-lurk Nhaah! I wanna upvote-upvote Niegil -san's post! lurk-lurk!AhaA! Repost! I wanna upvote upvote-upvote! upvote* upvote-upvote ! Upvote upvote-upvote ! upvote Upvote Niegil post upvote-upvote ! cLick-and-click-a-upvote! Clickclick onomatope Niegil post on r/rotmg was Funnnnyyyyyy! AaaAA!…AAA…AhAaAAAA!FaaAAAnnn!! Congratulation pee pee poo poo post was on hot! Niegil-san! AaAAAAA! Funny! Niegil-san! Funny! AhAAaAA! Rotmg leak post was on hot and I'm happ… NooOOOOO!!! NyaaAAAAAAAN! GyaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhhh*!!! GahhhaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAA! Leaks on rotmg is not real! Oh…pee pees and poo poos is too… N i e g I l I s N o t R e a l? NyaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN! UwaaaaAAAAAAAAAAA! GetchaaaaaaaaaAAAAAA!!! Noooooooo! HaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAn! Uwwwwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!! This! Fxxk! I give up! I give up such a real life…te…what? Look? r/rotmg mod Niegil-san is looking at modmails about me? rotmg Discord mod Niegil-san is muting me ! rotmg discord server list owner Niegil-san is watching me! redditor Niegil-san is noticing me ! Niegil-san on r/rotmg is banning me! I feel relieved… The community is not that bad! Iyahhoooooooooooooo!!! Niegil has banned me! I did it, reddit! I can do it! oh, rotmg's Niegil-chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAaaaaaaaNnnn!!! NooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOoooooo!!!!!!!!!!! AhAnAAhAAna, Mr toastrz!!!! Sue, Suestwoooooooo! DecaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!! AAAAAaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!! REEEeeeeEEEEEEEEEE!!! May my wish to Niegil! To Niegil on r/rotmg!
5~It’s also important to acknowledge your shortcomings as a reviewer. Mine personally is that I have no fucking patience at all. Pretty much throw any RPG at me. I’m just going to say ‘Nah, that’s... that’s boring.’ But you know what’s dumber than RPGs? Anime. Unless we’re talking this guy [referring to Hayao Miyazaki], you need to get this bullshit out of my face. But you know what I hate much, much more than anime? Turn based combat. For real, I despise this shit. There’s like two games that figured out how to make it fun [referring to Paper Mario and Undertale], but those don’t count. Turn-based combat is fucking boring, tedious, and draining. It is the opposite of fun. So when I say Persona 5, a turn-based, anime RPG, is actually pretty fun, you should go ‘Damn, okay, maybe that game is alright.
6~Welcome to the Literature Club! It's always been a dream of mine to make something special out of the things I love. Now that you're a club member, you can help me make that dream come true in this cute game!Every day is full of chit-chat and fun activities with all of my adorable and unique club members:Sayori, the youthful bundle of sunshine who values happiness the most;Natsuki, the deceivingly cute girl who packs an assertive punch;Yuri, the timid and mysterious one who finds comfort in the world of books;...And, of course, Monika, the leader of the club! That's me!I'm super excited for you to make friends with everyone and help the Literature Club become a more intimate place for all my members. But I can tell already that you're a sweetheart—will you promise to spend the most time with me?Welcome to the Literature Club! It's always been a dream of mine to make something special out of the things I love. Now that you're a club member, you can help me make that dream come true in this cute game!Every day is full of chit-chat and fun activities with all of my adorable and unique club members:Sayori, the youthful bundle of sunshine who values happiness the most;Natsuki, the deceivingly cute girl who packs an assertive punch;Yuri, the timid and mysterious one who finds comfort in the world of books;...And, of course, Monika, the leader of the club! That's me!I'm super excited for you to make friends with everyone and help the Literature Club become a more intimate place for all my members. But I can tell already that you're a sweetheart—will you promise to spend the most time with me?Welcome to the Literature Club! It's always been a dream of mine to make something special out of the things I love. Now that you're a club member, you can help me make that dream come true in this cute game!Every day is full of chit-chat and fun activities with all of my adorable and unique club members:Sayori, the youthful bundle of sunshine who values happiness the most;Natsuki, t
7~he deceivingly cute girl who packs an assertive punch;Yuri, the timid and mysterious one who finds comfort in the world of books;...And, of course, Monika, the leader of the club! That's me!I'm super excited for you to make friends with everyone and help the Literature Club become a more intimate place for all my members. But I can tell already that you're a sweetheart—will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with me?will you promise to spend the most time with
8~My room is in the living room and my door is a sliding door. It has two wheels at the top. The bottom part of it has nothing. Everytime I open my door, the bottom part of it hits the wall and makes a sound that is just so fucking annoying. Also the fact that i have to use a broom to keep it closed to a certain point because when I open it, it’ll slowly start to close itself again because it’s angled just enough for it to slide. If I don’t use a broom or something to keep it at that certain point, it will have a gap inbetween the wall and door and you can just see into my room. Also the maximum distance it can be opened is blocked by an air vent so when i open it too hard it’ll just slam into the vent and make a really annoying sound. The wheels at the top of the door can be taken off the rail so easily too, my dog has knocked it down before. The two handles aren’t the same. The one on the inside of my room is an easy open, the one on the outside is just a gap of space that’s like less than half an inch so I have to jam my finger to try and open my door. It also doesn’t help that sometimes when it goes too far out of place, i can basically not open my door from the outside and there’s that stupid gap that i was talking about. It makes me angry
